release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_simon_compute_jobs.md

### Move heavy computation to a thread pool with a priority queue 

These components can take non-trivial amounts of CPU time:

* GraphQL parsing
* GraphQL validation
* Query planning
* Schema introspection

> In order to avoid blocking threads that execute asynchronous code,
> they are now run (in their respective Rust implementations)
> in a new thread pool whose size is based on available CPU cores,
> with a priority queue.
> Previously we used Tokio’s [`spawn_blocking`] for this purpose,
> but it is appears to be intended for blocking I/O
> and uses up to 512 threads so it isn’t a great fit for computation tasks.
> 
> `apollo.router.compute_jobs.queued` is a new gauge metric for the number of items in this new queue.
> When the new query planner is enabled, the dedicated queue is no longer used
> and the `apollo.router.query_planning.queued` metric is no longer emitted.
> 
> [`spawn_blocking`]: https://docs.rs/tokio/latest/tokio/task/fn.spawn_blocking.html

Reviewer: @SimonSapin please review, particularly the last note about `apollo.router.query_planning.queued`

```suggestion
In order to avoid blocking threads that execute asynchronous code,
they are now run in a new thread pool with a priority queue. The size of the thread pool is based on the number of available CPU cores.

The thread pool replaces the router's prior implementation that used Tokio’s [`spawn_blocking`](https://docs.rs/tokio/latest/tokio/task/fn.spawn_blocking.html).

`apollo.router.compute_jobs.queued` is a new gauge metric for the number of items in the thread pool's priority queue. 

> Note: when the native query planner is enabled, the dedicated queue of the legacy query planner is no longer used, so the `apollo.router.query_planning.queued` metric is no longer emitted.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks great, thanks!
